# Meeting Minutes
## Date: 5/18/2025
## Time: 9:00pm - 9:25pm (25 minutes)
### Attendance
- Charlotte Kim
- Tommy Tran
- Lisa Fritsche
- Edison Zhang
- Darian Tan
- Mohan Dong
- Akhil Subbarao
  
### What Was Discussed
- Progress on issues
- Design: completed the design prototype on figma, with the new color scheme, card editor & deck editor pages (the map api awaits testing) 
- potential Design optimization: links between elements and pages in figma
- Frontend: completed page prototype with new fonts and animations
- Backend: initiated js file organization, (in the backend folder), prototyping for animations
- Backend todo: Might need more clarification on the function template issue
- Backend optimization: Need a communication channel between frontend and backend

### Tasks Until Next Meeting
- Make channels for all of the teams
- For Design and Backend: try to optimize the workflow and resolve issues
- Complete the rest of the issues

### Recording
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxfsUb6CsMQ
