# Meeting Minutes
## Date: 5/25/2025
## Time: 9:00pm - 9:30pm (30 minutes)
### Attendance
- Charlotte Kim
- Tommy Tran
- Lisa Fritsche
- Edison Zhang
- Darian Tan
- Mohan Dong
- Akhil Subbarao
- Sophie Phung
- Vijay Sinha
- Chester Huey
  
### What Was Discussed
- Getting rid of Design team, team members will be helping with documentations, Frontend, and Backend
- New team organization for paired development model to accelerate progress
- Design team: more consistent & logical wireframe design, default cover image for restaurant cards
- Backend team: Finished the lint.yml for CI/CD and pull request on Git, also function prototypes for the deck and user controllers
- Frontend team: Completed the menu page, restaurant form
- Documentation: ADRs documentation completed
- A possible recommendation mechanism: A random restaurant in deck is shown when user enters a deck, with message "this is recommended to you!", which implements the recommendation functionality

### Tasks Until Next Meeting
- Assign pair issues
- Continue refining frontend webpage based on figma updates
- Link backend functions to frontend elements

### Recording
https://youtu.be/Y7VwzUir0zM
