# Meeting Minutes
## Date: 5/25/2025
## Time: 9:30pm - 9:52pm (22 minutes)
### Attendance
- Charlotte Kim
- Tommy Tran
- Lisa Fritsche
- Edison Zhang
- Darian Tan
- Mohan Dong
- Akhil Subbarao
- Sophie Phung
- Vijay Sinha
- Chester Huey
  
### What Was Discussed
- What was good in our organization, what is helding us back and how to improve
- Doing good: in - team communications, having checkins, good pair works, better issues, good figma design, better attendence in meetings
- Not so good: lack of communication between teams, messy repo, waiting for dependency task to complete, vague issue template, team disparities
- how to improve: being more communicative, better issue template and descriptions, more participation in class, assign reviewers for pull requests, standarize the use of pipeline, better definition of done

### Tasks Until Next Meeting
- Try out the pair up mode
- Figure out the rating system
- Reviewers for pull requests
- Stardarize pipeline usage
- Keep working on issues

### Recording 
https://youtu.be/Y7VwzUir0zM
