# Meeting Minutes
## Date: 5/25/2025
## Time: 9:00pm - 9:31pm (31 minutes)
### Attendance
- Charlotte Kim
- Tommy Tran
- Darian Tan
- Mohan Dong
- Akhil Subbarao
- Sophie Phung
- Ryan Ni
- Lisa Fritsche
  
### What Was Discussed
- What we worked on and what to do next
- Design: default deck cover image now in src/design
- Mohan & Darian: new design for recommendation and rating system
- Charlotte: js file for recommendation logic
- Ryan: completed organizaing the repo
- Tommy: Card-Deck page and editing page done

### Tasks Until Next Meeting
- Urgent to implement the functionalities on the webpage, most of the pages are pretty static now
- need to separate CSS and js scripts from html pages and further organize the repo
- card editor page functionalities
- deck creation functionality

### Recording
https://youtu.be/4Y-srS487VU